Phil - Bonk/Evakyl
  -  Bonk is 2'8", has a cloak, and a large hunchback syndrome
  -  Is actually a Kobold sorcerer in disguise
  -  Has been fake squaking for the sake of fear of prejudice
  -  He really likes mining

Brian - Auram
  -  Halfling, short, thanos snapped off ship
  -  Now in doctors, monkey hanging around with potions and books
  -  Only knows of falling into water, nothing else remembered from thanos snap
  -  wants adventure in all kinds of ways


Kevin - Thoren
  -  Thoren Lusten is a human, male, long white hair to shoulders, chainmail and shield
  -  5'9"
  - Always willing to help


NPCs:

Avarel - Italian???? Definitely.
   - Seemingly seller, also a little greedy?
   - "Pretty penny" = 30 gold, not bad!

Agkar? - Doctor?
   - Gaunt, frail, thin, 6'5", hunched a little, winter has him tired (Frostbane)
   - Volwen is his apprentice I think, le monkey

Ogey - Goliath
   - Knows Thoren, seems helpful, tavern man, GOLIATH MAN

Scuff - Captain of Ship

Krong - Hobgoblin
   - Runs tavern with Ogey
   - Fucker doesn't mess around with arm wrestling
   - Definitely gay, boisterous

Elliven - Herbalist

Mellius - Construct for mining
  - Follows rules, works with constructs
  - His companions can speak but not much
  - Mining to kill time

Places:

Farwater
 Poor Man's Poison: tavern, has rooms, run by Ogey and Grong
 Village Docter: Agkar is doctor, Volwen is assistant (monkey thing)
 Ship : Thanos Snapped

What's going on?:

Commotion in the tavern, Arm Wresling!!!
A ship has come into port, first appearance of cult Black Order.

We ran into a bunch of the black order mechanical monsters. They would call for help using a voice box and have a blue colored bloodlike fluid in them. We then head towards the source of the help call, to which Thorem gets hit by a magic armor thing and a really hot metallic hand.

Schlump in Billabear's Cove. Made our way into the caverns. Bonk tripped on a trip wire (nice!) and we fought more enemies.  There is a pickaxe constantly banging against rock as the fight continues. During the fight, Bonk's disguise had fallen, revealing his true identity, Evakyl the Kobold. Thoren seems to remember a dragon he once had met, and would want them dead if they re-met. Eva seems to have some kind of connection? Thoren also gives a loving speech while uncomfortable of Eva's presence. 

The pickaxe sound reveals a construct humaoid with two thin appendages as legs, a small chamber for a furnace on the lower back, and a hunched back with a smoke pipe coming out. A longer neck and mustache made of straw on the face.

"Do you love mining?"
"No not really."
"Oh, I love mining."

The machine seems docile. 
His name is Mellius, a warforged? The best answers we get out of him were to kill time mining and he was asigned here. He doesn't know about the cold. 

"you know what drives me in life kid, to kill time."

I stole his pickaxe, we keep trying to extract answers for him. he constructs we killed give him coal. Aurem continues to try an convince the construct to give info, it seems to be futile.

Thorem find a voice box after looking for coal.
"...misty...coast....west coast...ship... White Hollows...destroy..."

Mellius says people on boats want to trap others here. When asked about how he recieves orders, it "pops in his head."

This is the end of the cove, upon walking out the rest seems to be a dead end.  Eva knows some area, knows where we can go. What is our plan?

We head back to town.

There is a guy who usually comes by town who may know about the coolant. Olgey seems to remember a little about this guy, but doesn't know where they've been for a while. Eva and Aurem are trying to work out crossbow stuff. In the end, their trade between each other and end result end moot.

I talked to Eliiven about the resources I found during the construct fights.
Lives past White Hollow, Old man. He's probably have a days journey past, name is Mallenheim. White Hollow leaves are still a mystery. To both our knowledge, they only come from there, maybe they went through while I was sleeping. Does Elliven have any materials for healing potions? If you throw some honey together in a mortal pestel with some berries there may be some others effects.
